what's up guys what's up 12ax7 here
bringing you in boxing
overview and range test of the nerf
Rebelle super stripes 5x5 jungle
so this buster is a Toys R Us exclusive
and of course I picked up a Toys R Us
for $12.99 great British pounds so super
stripes is a sub Series in your belt
line exclusive to Toys R Us and what is
it's the blasters with a zebra go steam
and the dark sources I prefer in
whichever you like as you can see this
one is a repaint of the sweet revenge
as you can see same thing time our
action but anyway I'll shared the box of
the blaster now so it's an open-faced
box so you can touch the blaster so
you've got the models modern blaster
here I got the name super stripes and
everything twenty meters the five the
darts 100 fast fire here we have the
advertisements for the over super stripe
Buster's you've got the five by five of
course the wild lamb here which comes
with a badly and a holster it's a
repainted pink crush without the bombs
and here is the rapid glow it's a clip
system Buster with me glow-in-the-dark
clip on the back if you want to pause
there and pause there you can read how
to work Buster then you've got picture
instructions anyway that's the box down
to unboxing the blaster man
so what'd you get inside the box is the
5x5 jungle itself the five of these
zebra print darts which are be nice
Staten elites just a different color and
the instruction manuals we'll just take
a look at those just shows you have to
work the bastard everything we do we
need this so as you can see this is a
direct repaint to the sweet revenge and
the a nice sweet revenge repaint it will
also put any holster so you've already
got a holster for the pasta so how you
look the Buster is you put the darts in
the Sun down the front its front loaded
and then how you prime is you play your
thumb and hammer down and then on to the
range test will be 5 by 5 will be doing
12 shots by flat send you a let's go off
the range test 12 shots fired flat here
we go
loading the last two shots
okay let's receive the rangy first two
shots or at 25 this shot is that 35 'yes
three shots are at 37 t v--'s to 38 and
a top 2 shots are at 42 feet with ranges
of 42 feet that's pretty nice full a
little bus like this but anyway we'll go
into the overview of the 5x5 now onto
the overview of the 5x5 jungle starting
with the function of the blaster you
load in your five darts into the front
loading cylinder and the private you
just pull the hammer down and pull the
trick of the fire if you hold on trigger
and just push some let go or so far as
well I'd recommend doing it like this
action the blaster has a tactical rail
on the top so any accessory you wanted
it and also has a sling mount on the
bottom being a direct repaint of the
sweet revenge
it will fit in it to this I really like
the color scheme for this blaster
I think the separate printing looks very
nice also there's everything on the
darts it's very good as well I like it
much better than the original sweet
revenge because last the design is a
nice smooth sleek design I really like
that the Revell blasters I wish to make
a few of the blasters like that he
handle is very comfortable and fits your
hand nicely you can one hunt from the
busters you caught me geometer
you can get quite a good rate of fire go
with the bluster if you like rebates
this is a pretty neat one to pick up
but anyways please like comment
subscribe follow me on Instagram
what's up soon as unite as always thanks
for watching